hey guys what's up today I'm gonna be
showing you how to download from when
Jenna calm this is for Sims 2 if you
want to download it from make your own
custom slope first of all you have to
download when on I think I'm saying that
right now but yeah okay first of all go
to the website and this is what it looks
like now and this will pop up darn it no
anyway so I'm gonna look for female hair
so some of these will pop up that along
with packages or donations and you have
to pay for them so I'm gonna look for
some hair for my new video see and just
click on to see what they look like
and it's short I don't like that so
let's look at some other stuff
um it's like over hat that's what this
looks like
that's pretty um so if you want that and
it comes with other stuff and go to the
bottom and see different hair colors and
different hat styles so it's click
download all you have to sign up first
to do this now click see the book that
means you have one more so when our
let's click open do not save it and just
wait for this bar to be filled up by
Green
so it's wait
and it doesn't take that long unless it
comes with a lot of stuff so and then
all kinds of stuff will pop up so click
extract to go to documents EA games
since - now click downloads and then
click OK then when it's done click X so
that's how you do it thanks for watching
right